.TH MACMAN 8 "April 2026" "v1.2.0" "Macman Manual"
.SH NAME
macman \- The Blazing-Fast, Self-Healing Package Manager for macOS
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B macman
<operation> [options] [targets]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B macman
is a next-generation package manager for macOS written in C++17. It supports both Homebrew and AUR backends and features a self-healing build engine for AUR packages on Darwin.
.SH OPERATIONS
.TP
.B \-S <pkg>
Install a package.
.TP
.B \-Ss <query>
Search for packages.
.TP
.B \-Sy
Refresh package databases.
.TP
.B \-Syu
Perform a full system upgrade.
.TP
.B \-Qu
List upgradable packages.
.TP
.B \-Sc
Clean the package cache and build files.
.TP
.B \-R <pkg>
Remove a package.
.TP
.B \-Rs <pkg>
Remove a package and its orphan dependencies.
.TP
.B \-Q
List all installed packages.
.TP
.B \-Qi <pkg>
Show detailed information about an installed package.
.TP
.B \-Qk <pkg>
Check the integrity of an installed package.
.TP
.B \-Qt
List packages installed as dependencies but no longer needed.
.TP
.B \-T
Display the dependency tree of a package.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-doctor
Run system health checks to identify common issues.
.TP
.B \-\-nuke
Danger: Completely remove all packages and clean all caches.
.TP
.B \-\-noconfirm
Skip all user confirmation prompts.
.TP
.B \-\-verbose
Enable detailed logging and output.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/local/etc/macman.conf
System-wide configuration file.
.TP
.I /usr/local/var/macman/local.db
The local package database.
.TP
.I /usr/local/var/log/macman/macman.log
The system log file.
.SH AUTHOR
Arda Yigit - Hazani <https://github.com/sairiahzan>
